hey it's tied with defensive safety on
do a knife review there's been a quite a
bit of talk about this knife um I think
most people are excited about it but
it's been a little bit difficult to get
as you can see this is the Kershaw
ashalon and it's a not very expensive
knife and it's got the natural jade g10
and it is an assisted opener so you will
flick it open like that when I first saw
this at least in the blade a little bit
in the handle reminded me of the baby
strider was it the SJ 35 or something
kind of looks like that if you look at
the blade I mean I'm not comparing it to
that knife in any sense but just the
blade shape reminded me of it a little
bit as you can see it's a hollow grind
definitely comes to an extremely thin
edge it came razor sharp i think the
steel is like mov let me stay here just
read it real quick I can't tell what
this deal is I don't think it says it on
the blade it's like mov 13 or 14 I saw
this knife and I saw come on and it was
available and I thought I'm going to get
it and to be honest I was disappointed
honestly I'm disappointed most Kershaw's
that I end up buying I never find them
to be kind of nice that I really like
just a you know I kind of go for a
slightly higher quality when it comes to
manufactured the blade centering if you
can see this see I can get it this way
on this is over to the you're looking at
now to the right
and it is kind of stiff to open like
there's a lot of resistance with this
torsion bar and then I have to say it
grew on me a little bit more since I
kind of put it away and didn't do
anything with it but I don't think it's
all that it's cracked up to be you know
it probably make a decent EDC I think
over time it would maybe not take long
term use and where as well but that's
just my opinion time will tell when you
look at it it's got the the sorry make
sure that's focused the low ride pocket
clip that's reversible for tip up tip
down left right or you can move it now
you can't yeah you can have it tip down
for right hand carry I think that's what
that is you know but you know again I'm
not that overly impressed it's a very
stiff it's very the retentions very high
as you can see if i push on this and
then the torsion kicks in about right
there and you can see it doesn't really
carry the plate out when you release it
like that it needs a little bit of push
and I don't like it because your thumb
can kind of get behind the blade you
have to kind of push and stop but anyway
I just thought it'd give a review of
this because I know a few people have a
more I've been looking at it and wanting
them and I'd say on a scale of 1 to 5
i'd give this thing a 2 i'm not
impressed with it almost thought of
returning it when i got it i'll probably
do a knife sale later this year and this
will be in it i'm just like i said just
it's not my style it's not my knife and
you know some of these you know Kershaw
is there value line or you know compared
to zero tolerance or even comparing
kershaw at a spyderco i just i'm just
usually you know it's not my style of
knife the blade material in the
ship the designs for Kershaw tend to be
a little overblown like they are trying
too hard and I don't really like that I
like kind of a more subdued knife and I
do like this design i will say that it's
just not my my cut the team it's fairly
smooth a little bit of texture on it but
it's fairly smooth like I said it is you
know it's got a cool i like this design
of the thumb stud kind of floating in
the space they're kind of like an eye or
something an eyeball but you know
overall you know it looks better than it
is that's why I guess what I'm getting
at and I and I bought it based on its
looks I'll give you another knife that I
bought this is the worst night I've ever
bought this is some boker plus bat blade
you can't get to flick out it's so cheap
in to worse than I've ever but that's
why you never seen a review but anyway
because all the had this for over a
month maybe two and I didn't review it
because i thought you know i usually
review things I like and I guess it just
kind of grew on me a little bit more and
so I thought well I'll review it I mean
like I said it's not my favorite knife I
don't plan on keeping it but you know
buyer beware it's it's okay feels kind
of chintzy all right well that's the
review of the Kershaw exelon thanks for
watching